# Open-Source Threat Intelligence Newsletter Summaries (OS-TINS)

OS-TINS is an experimental Python tool that is looking to leverage RSS Feeds from popular cybersecurity news platforms and Large Learning Models (LLMs) in order to provide a free open-source alternative to threat intelligence feed platforms. The LLM will summarize all articles from an input date to provide a summarized newsletter, referencing and linking the articles allowing the user to explore in more depth. Note that LLMs are not perfect and can make mistakes, ALWAYS verify the referenced sources.

## Installation
1. Clone the repository to your local computer:

`git clone https://github.com/neelkotak13/OS-TINS.git`

2. Install the required python dependencies:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

3. Ensure you retrieve a API key from [Google Gemini](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/api-key) and store the GEMINI_API_KEY variable in the `api_config.py` file:

`GEMINI_API_KEY=<Insert API Key Here>`

4. If using RSS feeds, ensure to update the `rss_feed_generator.py` file with the correct rss feeds to be parsed

## Tool Usage
Running OS-TINS without any arguments will lead to it reading the `rss_feed_links.txt`. 
```
python3 threat_feed_generator.py
```
By default, it will only look at articles in the RSS feeds from the past 48 hours, if you wish to change that, you can change the START_DATE and END_DATE global variables in `threat_feed_generator.py`.
The results will appear by the dates of the articles nested under the articles/site-name/date folder. The extracted text content will be the article name .txt file, and the LLM generated summary will end in _summary.md.

If you would like to run it on specific article webpages directly and bypass using RSS feeds, you can simply enter the links as space separated arguments in the command line:
```
python3 threat_feed_generator.py http://link/to/article1 http://link/to/article2
```
The specific articles will simply be downloaded in the individual_articles folder with the naming convention matching the RSS feed, but will not be nested by date and will have a flat structure.

Some example articles have been provided in the github repo to understand example input and outputs.

**DISCLAIMER: This code will create content generated by an artificial intelligence language model. While LLMs strive for accuracy and quality, please note that the information provided may not be entirely error-free or up-to-date. We recommend independently verifying the content and consulting with professionals for specific advice or information. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the use of interpretation of this content.**